When I first came to Wheaton, the idea of going abroad for a semester couldn't have been further from my mind. My focus was on making friends and surviving my first year. And on top of all that, I was a homebug. Having only lived in one place growing up, even the idea of moving half an hour away to live at school was terrifying. Which is why many of the people who've known me longer than anyone were so shocked when I told them I planned to travel half-way around the world to study computer science in Wollongong, Australia. 
	My interest in Wollongong began after a conversation I had with my advisor about his world travel experiences. He told me that he had lived there himself for an entire year while he was teaching at the University, and he couldn't have been any clearer about how much he loved the city. Additionally, he told me about the excellent computer science courses offered there that would be a perfect compliment to some of the courses I had taken already such as data structures and programming languages. 
After hearing my advisor's glowing recommendation, I decided to do my own research into the school. I knew immeadiately that I wouldn't have any trouble finding courses in Australia, because there were so many interesting courses on the pre-approved Wheaton list alone! Not only do the courses look interesting, they also appear to fill a very important gap in my computer science education. At Wollongong, there is an advanced Java programming course which would provide necessary experience for a career in software engineering, as well as being incredibly beneficial to my comp sci knowledge base. This course, along with several others I am extremely interested in (computer science and otherwise) have no Wheaton equivalents. By supplementing the Wheaton computer science curriculum with several key courses in Wollongong, I believe that I will have a much more substantial understanding of the tools I need to start a career in this field.
	These past two years at Wheaton have completely changed my life. I can't believe how far I've come from those first few homesick weeks at Wheaton to where I am today, submitting an application to go on a crazy adventure to the other side of the world. While I'm there, I hope to make new friendships and connections, as well as to explore the history and geography of southern Australia. I am fascnated to take a closer look at this culture which may appear so similiar to our own on the surface, but yet has many unique characteristics which make it distinct from any other culture in the world. And lastly, I am excited for the course oppurtunities I will have in Wollongong, which will certainly round out my Wheaton College education. 
